He said that I was
holding something back,
and I faced it,
you and I wouldn't evolve.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, he was right.
And I'm going to tell you now,
in fair warning, it's
gonna sound batshit crazy.
Are you okay with that?
Of course. I'd love to.
Let's break
through this barrier together.
Oh, just give me a sec.
When I was a teenager,
a trickster demon
terrorized my entire family
and tried to force me to marry him
in order to come back
to the real world for good.
I believed he was gone forever,
and then lately I
have been seeing him again,
and now he is actually back,
and I don't know
why or how or what to do.
Okay.
So you're saying that
someone called Beatle is--
Don't say his name.
If you say his name
three times, he will appear.
Okay.
So this demon has clearly a
construct of your unpacked trauma.